Master (#2)
pmbanugo/flycd-docs: src/content/docs/guides/managing-secrets.md

---

> title: Managing Secrets in a project using FlyCD

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Manage Project Secrets
```

> description: A guide about using Fly Secrets for managing encrypted key/value pairs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: How to manage secrets for a project.
```

> sidebar:
>   label: Use Fly Secrets

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

### Add & Update App Secrets For Existing Projects

You can add or modify secrets for existing apps through the project’s settings page. You can get to this page from the project’s detail page by clicking on the **Project Settings** link at the top navigation, and then clicking the **Secrets** link on the left side navigation.

![A project’s secrets settings page](../../../assets/images/secrets-existing%20app.webp)
A project’s secrets settings page

You can add new secrets for production or preview apps via the **Secrets** settings page.

You also see the list of secrets for the project, and the configured environment. The secret list below the form only shows the secret key, not the value. The values are only available in the continuous deployment pipeline during application deployment.

There’s no separate form to edit/update secrets at the moment. The same form is used to add new secrets or edit existing ones. To change the value of an existing secret, you can add it through the form using the same key, and the value will be overwritten when it’s saved.

> :::note

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:::tip
```

I think a tip would best communicate the intent here
